Changes in Quebec (#508)
trilitech/tezos-developer-docs: docs/using/staking.md

In exchange for staking tez with a baker, users automatically receive a portion of the baker's rewards in proportion to how much they stake.
Users can stake any amount of tez, but there is a limit to how much staked tez a single baker can accept, and bakers must opt in to allow users to stake with them.

:::note How much tez do I receive in return for staking tez?

The amount of tez that you receive for staking tez depends on many factors, including how much you stake and how lucky your baker is.

> Starting 20 January 2025 (with the Quebec protocol upgrade), the returns for staking also depend on the ratio of staked tez to total tez in existence, to encourage a balance of staked tez to liquid tez.

Reviewer: This is not new in Quebec, it started with AI a while ago. Do you mean:
```suggestion
Due to the mechanism of [adaptive issuance](https://tezos.gitlab.io/active/adaptive_issuance.html), the returns for staking also depend on the ratio of staked tez to total tez in existence, to encourage a balance of staked tez to liquid tez.
```

Author: Oh, I see, the changes in "Adaptive maximum issuance bound" on  this page are adjustments to adaptive issuance:
https://research-development.nomadic-labs.com/quebec-announcement.html#adaptive-maximum-issuance-bound-quebec-a-and-quebec-b
